Chapter corrections (#89)
jupytercon/jupytercon2025-developingextensions: 04-materials/05-developing-with-ai.md

- Treat errors as learning opportunities for both you and the AI
- Don't be afraid to roll back to the beginning and start over if AI doubled down on a wrong path

> ### ✍️ Prompt fundamentals (Cursor)

Reviewer: Some of this is not specific to cursor, what do you think about removing cursor from this header and adding a sub-header for only cursor-specific stuff?

Keep prompts short, specific, and grounded in the exact code you're changing.

> - **Intent + state**: State what you want and show the current code (select lines or attach files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Intent + state**: State what you want and show the current code (copy/paste lines or attach files)
```

- **Point with `@`**: Reference files/folders/docs (e.g., `@src/index.ts`, `@plans/...`, `@JupyterLab docs`)
- **Constrain**: Provide acceptance criteria and constraints (APIs to use, error handling)
- **Iterate**: Prefer small steps; ask follow‑ups over one giant prompt
- **Selections win**: Selecting code before asking gives that text highest priority in context

:::{dropdown} Examples (before → better)
**Before:** "Add image editing."

> **Better:**

Reviewer 2: This before and after improvement example is really neat!

Author: Awesome! Thanks 🎆
